README.md, before:

# Project

> This repo has been populated by an initial template to help get you started. Please
> make sure to update the content to build a great experience for community-building.

As the maintainer of this project, please make a few updates:

- Improving this README.MD file to provide a great experience
- Updating SUPPORT.MD with content about this project's support experience
- Understanding the security reporting process in SECURITY.MD
- Remove this section from the README

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Trademarks

This project may contain trademarks or logos for projects, products, or services. Authorized use of Microsoft 
trademarks or logos is subject to and must follow 
[Microsoft's Trademark & Brand Guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general).
Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship.
Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party's policies.

Commit message:

chore: Update README.md with Fabric workload development kit information

README.md, after:


# Microsoft Fabric workload development kit sample
## Creating and running custom workloads on Fabric

### Welcome
Welcome to the Fabric workload development kit. This repository contains everything a Microsoft Fabric partner needs to develop and build custom workloads in Fabric, use this kit to create workloads according to your specific business needs and scenarios, and run them on Fabric with high performance, scalability, and security.
The Fabric workload development kit is currently in public preview and is subject to change. As such, there may be issues or missing documentation. We kindly request you to keep this in mind while using the kit. We are working hard to ensure that the kit is as stable and reliable as possible, and we appreciate your patience and understanding during this time.
If you need any further assistance, please don't hesitate to contact us at ILTriExt@microsoft.com.

### Trademarks

This project may contain trademarks or logos for projects, products, or services. Authorized use of Microsoft 
trademarks or logos is subject to and must follow 
[Microsoft's Trademark & Brand Guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general).
Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship.
Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party's policies.

### What's in the kit
The kit contains the following components:
- A sample workload that demonstrates how to create and run a Fabric workload using Node.js, npm, Visual Studio 2022, and the Fabric Workload DevGateway.
- A boilerplate project that provides the basic structure and configuration files for a Fabric workload, including the workload manifest, the frontend manifest, and the app settings.
- A workload manifest validator that checks the validity and consistency of the workload manifest file.
- A set of documentation files that explain the concepts, architecture, and steps involved in developing a Fabric workload.
### How to use the kit
To use the kit, you need to have access to a Fabric tenant with the workload feature and developer mode enabled. See the quick guide in [Microsoft Fabric Workload workload development kit documentation](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2272303). for more information.
Once you have access to a Fabric tenant, you can follow these steps:
1. Clone this repository.
2. Follow the quick start guide to run the sample workload and get familiar with the workflow and the tools.
3. Follow the development guide to create your own custom workload using the boilerplate project as a template.

### Related content
For more information about Fabric and workloads, you can refer to the following resources:
- [Microsoft Fabric documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/fabric/).
- [Microsoft Fabric Workload workload development kit documentation](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2272303).
- [Fabric Workload REST API documentation](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2271986).
- [Microsoft Fabric Workload workload Client SDK documentation](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2271989).
